feat: add `./browser` conditional export (#845)
apify/apify-client-js: README.md

The results you're looking for are always stored under `items` and you can use the `limit`
property to get only a subset of results. Other props are also available, depending on the method.

## Bundled environments

> The package includes a pre-built browser bundle that is automatically resolved by bundlers targeting browser environments. You can also import it explicitly via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package includes a pre-built browser bundle. Bundlers targeting browser environments automatically resolve it. You can also import it explicitly:
```
